Turkey (Turkish: Türkiye [ˈtyɾcije]), officially the Republic of Turkey, is a country bridging Europe and Asia. It shares borders with Greece and Bulgaria to the northwest; the Black Sea to the north; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Iran to the east; Iraq to the southeast; Syria and the Mediterranean Sea to the south; and the Aegean Sea to the west. Turks form the vast majority of the nation's population and Kurds are the largest minority. Turkey's capital is Ankara while its largest city and financial centre is Istanbul.
The Acıbadem Healthcare Group (Turkish: Acıbadem Sağlık Grubu) is a Turkish healthcare institution, operating with 17.000 employees. Comprising 21 hospitals and 16 medical centers, Acıbadem has become the world’s second largest Healthcare Chain with this agreement under the auspices of IHH Healthcare Berhad. A network of six general hospitals, medical centers, outpatient clinics, one ophthalmology center and laboratories.
ACS Mersin is the name of a glass factory in Mersin, Turkey. ACS stands for Anadolu Cam Sanayii ("Anatolian Glass Industry")
Aegean Yacht is a shipyard and ship builder based in Bodrum, Turkey. The company was established in 1976 by Sinan Ozer.  It designs, builds and sells turn key yachts internationally.
Air Albania is the flag carrier of Albania.[2] The airline maintains its hub and company headquarters at the Tirana International Airport Nënë Tereza in the village of Rinas, Tirana County, Albania. Founded in 2018, it operates scheduled air services for passengers to ten destinations in Europe.

Akfen Holding, is a Turkey-based and infrastructure investments oriented holding company which was founded in 1976 by Hamdi Akın and earned its status as a holding in 1999.
AKSA[1] Power Generation (or AKSA Jenerator A.Ş.) is a Turkish corporation, (part of the AKSA Group and owned by Kazanci Holding) that designs, manufactures, distributes, sells and services electrical power generators worldwide. The Aksa Power Generation headquarters is located in Istanbul, Turkey.[citation needed] It has three main manufacturing plants around world, which are located in three continents (Louisiana, USA; Istanbul, Turkey; and China).
Alvimedica is a manufacturer of coronary stents, balloon catheters, diagnostic and guiding catheters. The company was founded in 2007 by Turkish businessmen and scientists living in Denmark and Sweden. The major intention of the company is investing in small and medium size medical device manufacturers to enable them to compete globally. The company made its first investment move by purchasing a medical device company called Nemed in Turkey in 2007. Following this, the company purchased an American company called In-Vivo, a manufacturer of angioplasty and angiography catheters, and one of the suppliers of Abbott Laboratories.
Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi (Anadolu Insurance Company), established on April 1, 1925, by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, was the first national insurance company of Turkey. It remains one of the largest insurance companies in the country.

Arçelik A.Ş. is a Turkish multinational household appliances manufacturer which owns Beko and Grundig.
Arkas Container Transport (Arkas Line) is a Turkish shipping company, founded in 1902.
ArmaTrac is the tractor trademark of Erkunt Group.[1]
Aselsan (Turkish: Aselsan, acronym: Askeri Elektronik Sanayi, Military Electronic Industries), Aselsan A.Ş. is a Turkish defense corporation headquartered in Ankara, Turkey. Its main operating area is research, development and manufacture of advanced military products for air, land and maritime forces. The company is one of the major contractors of Turkish Armed Forces. Aselsan was ranked by Defense News magazine as 48th largest defense company in terms of revenue.[2] Turkish Army Foundation is the founder and major stockholder.

TT Mobil İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş,[1] (previously Avea İletişim Hizmetleri A.Ş.), currently operating under the Türk Telekom brand, is the sole GSM 1800 mobile operator of Turkey, was founded in 2004, and has reached a nationwide customer base of 17 million as of September 30, 2015.[2]
Basak Agricultural Tractors, Earth Moving and Agricultural Machinery AG or Başak Traktör is a Turkish tractor manufacturer producing a variety of field and orchard tractors. [1] Their current line-up of 2x4 and 4x4 models consists of close to 20 models, factory's production capacity being approximately 10,000 units per year.[2]

BiP is a freeware instant messaging application owned and developed by Turkcell.[1] It allows users to send text messages, voice messages and video calling and it can be downloaded from App Store, Google Play, and Huawei AppGallery.[2][3] BiP has over 53 million users worldwide[4] and was first released in 2013.[5]
BMC (Turkish pronunciation[beː meː ˈdʒeː]) is one of the largest commercial and military vehicle manufacturers in Turkey. Its products include commercial trucks, buses, military trucks and armoured vehicles. The company was founded in 1964 with 26% partnership of UK's British Motor Corporation.  It was taken over by Çukurova Holding of Turkey in 1989, and seized by the Turkish government's TMSF (Turkish Savings Deposit Insurance Fund) in 2013. BMC has been taken over with a final bid of TL 751M, by a partnership of 51% Turkish side (Ethem Sancak  & Talip Öztürk) and 49% Qatari side (QAFIC – Qatar Armed Forces Industry Committee). 
Çaykur is a Turkish state owned tea producing company. The firm is a sponsor of Çaykur Rizespor football club. Their portfolio includes ice tea, green tea, organic and black tea. Çaykur has 45 tea processing factories, and one packaging factory.
Çiçeksepeti, is an online floral and gourmet foods, gift retailer operating in Turkey.
Çimsataş, an acronym for Çukurova İnşaat Makinaları Sanayi ve Ticaret  A.Ş. (literary "Çukurova Construction Machinery Industry and Commerce Inc."), is a manufacturer of construction machinery located in Mersin, Turkey. 
Cola Turka is a cola brand from Turkish company Ülker that is also sold in Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cuba and Denmark[citation needed].
Derimod is a Turkish leather goods producer and retailer, with stores in the US as well as in Turkey.[1][2]
